Add help strings for the arguments of genpybind (#16)
kljohann/genpybind: README.md

```cpp
GENPYBIND(getter_for(value))
int get_value() const;

GENPYBIND(setter_for(value))
void set_value(int value);

GENPYBIND(getter_for(readonly))
bool computed() const;
```

`getter` and `setter_for` are short-hands for `accessor_for(..., get/set)`.

See [properties.h](./tests/properties.h) and [properties_test.py](./tests/properties_test.py).

## `hidden`

See [visible](#visible).

## `hide_base`

See [hide_base.h](./tests/hide_base.h) and [hide_base_test.py](./tests/hide_base_test.py).

## `holder_type`

Cf. [pybind11's][pybind11] `PYBIND11_DECLARE_HOLDER_TYPE`.

See [holder_type.h](./tests/holder_type.h) and [holder_type_test.py](./tests/holder_type_test.py).

## `inline_base`

See [inline_base.h](./tests/inline_base.h) and [inline_base_test.py](./tests/inline_base_test.py).

## `keep_alive`

To control the life time objects, `keep_alive` can be used.

```cpp
GENPYBIND(keep_alive(this, child))
Parent(Child *child);
```

When the instance of `Parent` is deleted from Python, `child` will not be deleted as well.

See [keep_alive.h](./tests/keep_alive.h) and [keep_alive_test.py](./tests/keep_alive_test.py).

## `module`

> C++ namespaces can be turned into Python modules with the `module` keyword:

Author: the the

> C++ namespaces can be turned into Python modules with the `module` keyword:

Author: yep, change/add as you like

dynamically patches the generated bindings:

```cpp
GENPYBIND(postamble)
GENPYBIND_MANUAL({
  auto env = parent->py::module::import("os").attr("environ");
  // should not have any effect as this will be run after preamble code
  env.attr("setdefault")("genpybind", "postamble");
  env.attr("setdefault")("genpybind_post", "postamble");
})

GENPYBIND_MANUAL({
  auto env = parent->py::module::import("os").attr("environ");
  env.attr("setdefault")("genpybind", "preamble");
})
```

See [manual.h](./tests/manual.h) and [manual_test.py](./tests/manual_test.py).

## `readonly`

`readonly` is an alias for `writable(false)`;

## `required`

```cpp
GENPYBIND(required(child))
void required(Child *child)
```

Calls to functions where pointer arguments are annotated with `required`
and called from Python with `None` will raise a `TypeError`.

See [required.h](./tests/required.h) and [required_test.py](./tests/required_test.py).

## `return_value_policy`

The return value policy controls how returned references are exposed to Python:

```cpp
Nested &ref();

const Nested &cref() const;

GENPYBIND(return_value_policy(copy))
Nested &ref_as_copy();

GENPYBIND(return_value_policy(reference_internal))

> Nested &ref_as_ref_int();

Reviewer: Needs to be wrapped in a class for the example to make sense. Unfortunately the GitHub interface is too clumsy to make that edit. :(

Reviewer: I can also make this change during the merge, if you prefer?

Author: you can make the change

```

`ref()` and `cref()` both return a copy. `ref_as_copy()` returns a copy although C++ returns a reference and `ref_as_ref_int()` returns a reference.

See [return_by_value_policy.h](./tests/return_by_value_policy.h) and [return_by_value_policy_test.py](./tests/return_by_value_policy_test.py).

## `stringstream`

The `stringstream` keyword populates the `str` and `repr` functionality:

```cpp
GENPYBIND(stringstream)
friend std::ostream &operator<<(std::ostream &os, const Something &) {
  return os << "uiae";
}
```

See [stringstream.h](./tests/stringstream.h) and [stringstream_test.py](./tests/stringstream_test.py).

## `visible`

If a binding is supposed to be generated is controlled by the visibility keywords `visible` and `hidden`:

```cpp
class Unannotated {};

class GENPYBIND(hidden) Hidden {};

class GENPYBIND(visible) Visible {};
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Any `GENPYBIND` annotation will make the annotated entity visible. 
As a consequence `visible` can be removed from the argument list,
as soon as there are any other arguments to `GENPYBIND`.
```

> Unannotated parts are excluded by default, but the intend of hiding it

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Anything without an annotation is excluded by default, but the intent of hiding it
```

from bindings can be explicitly stated by the keyword `hidden`.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If a namespace is annotated with `visible`, any contained entity will be made visible
by default, even if it has no `GENPYBIND` annotations. `GENPYBIND(hidden)` can then
be used to hide it.
```

Reviewer: I can also add this, if it's fine for you.

Author: sure, go ahead!
